Update Imou docs for switch platform (#46487)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/imou.markdown

- **Mute**: Silence alarm audio on supported gateway devices.
- **Restart**: Remotely restart the device (shown with the restart device class when supported).

### Switches

> The integration exposes switch entities when the cloud API reports that the toggle is supported for a device:

Reviewer: Let's rearrange:

```suggestion
When the cloud API reports that the toggle is supported for a device, the integration exposes the following switch entities:
```

- **Motion detection**: Enable or disable motion detection on supported cameras.
- **Human detection**: Enable or disable human detection on supported cameras.
- **White light**: Manually turn the camera white LED illuminator on or off on supported models.
- **Privacy mode**: Enable privacy mode that closes or disables the camera lens on supported models.
- **Abnormal sound alarm**: Enable or disable abnormal sound detection alarms.
- **Audio recording**: Enable or disable audio recording on supported cameras.
- **Indicator light**: Turn the device status indicator LED on or off on supported models.

> - **Plug switch**: Control the main power relay on supported IoT socket devices (additional socket features such as power mode and live current are planned for follow-up platforms).

Reviewer: - sort a-z
- change "enable or disable" and "turn on/of" into "toggle"
- don't promise things - delete:

  > (additional socket features, such as power mode and live current are planned for follow-up platforms)

```suggestion
- **Abnormal sound alarm**: Toggle abnormal sound detection alarms.
- **Audio recording**: Toggle audio recording on supported cameras.
- **Human detection**: Toggle human detection on supported cameras.
- **Indicator light**: Toggle the device status indicator LED on supported models.
- **Motion detection**: Toggle motion detection on supported cameras.
- **Plug switch**: Control the main power relay on supported IoT socket devices.
- **Privacy mode**: Enable privacy mode that closes or disables the camera lens on supported models.
- **White light**: Manually toggle the camera white LED illuminator on supported models.
```
